what's going on guys Reverend staying
here and I got the golden case Gia's
okay play for you guys today 24 pretty
darn good gameplay nothing too
spectacular because the double
experienced warriors were out by the
platoon bowl is basically there's so
many guys it was so frustrating so
difficult to get this gameplay it was a
hard to get kills it was just hard to
get a gameplay where I don't die 15 16
times because there's so many people
trying super hard and sitting in corners
and all that garbage but we'll get into
that later let's talk about this gun
right here right now very very good gun
definitely contender for the best shot
gun in the game one of the best guns
actually depending on your place out
obviously I think the Remington just
does kind of take it over a little bit
for the best shotgun because it's easier
it's just you can hit fire with it it's
a little over power to my opinion
whereas this is actually very precise
you have to be extremely accurate with
it in order to get your kills but the
one shot range on it is super long you
can get gills from across the room super
easy as long as you land those shots now
keeping that in mind when I want to get
this gun gold and try to get these
gameplays and stuff like that I knew
that's how the gun works so I was
thinking maybe I should try running it
more like an AR with attachments and
stuff that's exactly what I did it
actually works out extremely well you
kind of play at more as like a like the
ballista iron sights kind of but a
little bit easier to use type of thing
you just kind of go in I use quick-draw
handle I use long barrel and then I use
stock now it's two of those attachments
that using my ARS obviously I don't use
long barrel on theirs because it's not
there i use the reflex sight so i'll use
a longer barrel on this to get the extra
range easier one shots and stuff like
that and may it does work the stock
really kind of speed you up because
you're gonna be aiming most of the time
with the shotgun anyway because it's a
single strap slug it has zero spread at
all so you're going to be aiming to get
the accurate shot make sure you hit them
with now that doesn't mean you can't hip
fire somebody is much easier to hit
buyer this than it is to say the belissa
you know iron sights because that's a
sniper that has like for some reason in
this game it'd be way too easy to get
kills with snipers if you could just hit
by them and it would actually go where
you're looking but this shotgun
essentially that it just doesn't have
the range of a sniper it's super easy to
get hit buyers still just not as easy to
say the Remington right or any other
shotgun pretty much because it doesn't
have that spread it's just a single slug
but definitely very good shotgun I
extremely powerful that said that those
attachments items are great the perks
set up I used was a lightweight i use
toughness because i'm using a stock i'm
using it more as an AR so if i get shot
or if i missed my first shot on the guy
i want to be able to keep that that site
right on that guy in order to get the
second shot on him now a lot of the
times you won't have time to get a
second shot because the gun is kind of
slow the fire rate is not very high but
you will still be able to at least try
you'll have a better chance at it with
that stock and or with that toughness so
berry berry good setup I use dexterity
as well you said in my AR so when I'm
running like around the corner if I'm
rushing up my gun will come up a lot
faster plus you combine that with quick
draw and you're basically golden right
there so you can pretty much be most
people to the jump with the first shot
almost every time so very good setup
tried out if it's your style go ahead
and try it if you don't really like the
kind of rushing AR type of thing then
you can try and figure out your setup
feel free to go ahead now let me explain
what I was talking about earlier about
double experienced warriors I don't mean
like the weekend warriors who try really
hard to win those guys have a problem
with them I'll just run the gauntlet on
my don't care they're not any different
to me but the double experience words
are different they're not just trying to
win they're trying to get as many points
as they possibly can because it's double
experience or trying to rank up and all
this stuff and basically take weekend
warriors and times some by two and throw
in twice as many noobs as you normally
would have so you're getting like people
sitting in corners with target finder
LMGs with silencers with two packets of
steep for and all this garbage on it and
then you got people running around with
ghosts and the silencer mix-up and
they're getting like two kills and then
dying they don't care as long as we're
getting as many points as they possibly
can they're not really trying to
actually win because I don't care about
the people actually trying to win that's
what you're supposed to do but the
people who are just there to like annoy
you say take for example I was using the
KSG most of the weekend but when I got
rules with it they'd switch to running
tins as soon as I killed them why cuz
they hate it when somebody kills them
with a shotgun in general just not not
just a Remington or the KSG just a
shotgun in general so they're coming
back and they keep coming back and they
keep coming back they're not even trying
to get the objective they keep coming
back and they keep coming back because
they don't like you they want to kill
you because you killed them with a gun
they do not like so I mean easy four or
five kills but eventually they're gonna
outrun you when you're gonna die and
this is very obnoxious because it's very
hard to get gameplays that way so I kind
of struggle to get a gameplay with this
because of the timing on it but other
than that this gun is golden it is ace I
love it so that's pretty much that I do
want to touch up on some of the dlc
coming out this weekend real quick on
apocalypse MLG actually just streamed
like last night and then actually
finished it up today with a pre-recorded
stream because i had issues with your
stream last night don't know whether it
was um but they strain the four new
multiplayer maps and a brand-new game
type single flag CTF that's really when
I'm on to talk about today is a single
fight CTF it seemed like a really really
really competitive gameplay or game type
it's basically the opposite of to flag
to flag you kind of want to play kind of
passive aggressive like you want to push
forward but you don't want a full out
push forward because you gotta take care
of your base as well because you don't
want somebody you're always kind of
worrying someone's going to sneak by and
pull pull your flag but with this it's
the other way you can't all going
forward so all out kind of like push so
much strategy just by watching like a
single game of it will be kind of play
super defense let the other team get the
first pool and try to take off take a
guy or two out when you do that have a
person push straight into their spawn
and larissa dee team will take out the
remaining one or two guys get the flag
and by the time that one teammate gets
up there he's got to try and get those
spawn kills if he gets those spawn kills
the rest of your team can push up and
have a better chance at getting a cap
but that's just my initial strategy that
I came up with after watching one single
Brown obviously is going to be a lot
more to it later on but I'm really
looking forward to it let me know what
you guys are looking forward to in the
apocalypse you'll see obviously origins
is one of them and i'll see you guys
next time peace out